<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
  <title>MicroReader Navigation Sample</title>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
</head>
<body>
  <section id="intro">
    <h1>Exploring Bidirectional Parsing</h1>
    <p>
      MicroReader needs to scan rich XHTML files. This sample document contains multiple paragraphs,
      inline elements, and enough content to stress buffering and position tracking. The paragraphs
      include numbers like 12345 and entities such as &amp; and &lt; to mimic real-world ebooks.
    </p>
    <p>
      The second paragraph is deliberately long. It mixes <strong>bold</strong> and <em>italic</em> text,
      breaks lines across several sentences, and repeats motifs. Navigation should allow stepping
      forward from one node to the next, backward through closing tags, and even pausing halfway
      through this very sentence to resume character-by-character reading without losing state.
    </p>
  </section>
  <section id="content">
    <article>
      <p>
        Once upon a timeline, engineers added <code>SimpleXmlParser</code> to a project. They expected
        it to handle chapters, verses, and annotations. With backward navigation they could revisit
        earlier passages. With forward navigation they could sprint ahead. Every character mattered,
        especially within long text nodes sprinkled with commas, semicolons; and em-dashes — like this.
      </p>
      <p>
        Lists also appear in ebooks:
      </p>
      <ul>
        <li>Characters speaking in quotes: "Hello!"</li>
        <li>Nested <span>spans <small>inside</small> spans</span> are common.</li>
        <li>Whitespace    variations    should    not    break    parsing.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>
        The final paragraph echoes earlier themes. It mentions cities: Paris, Tokyo, Nairobi, and Lima.
        It adds dates like 2024-07-16 and times such as 14:35 UTC. It also contains a poetic line:
        "Leaves drift softly, pages turn gently." This closing line gives the parser one more stretch
        of text to walk through in both directions.
      </p>
      <p>
        Before leaving this article, consider a sentence with <abbr title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</abbr>
        acronyms, <q cite="https://example.com">inline quotations</q>, and an inline math-like expression
        such as <span class="math">x<sup>2</sup> + y<sup>2</sup> = r<sup>2</sup></span>. The parser must glide
        through superscripts, subscripts like H<sub>2</sub>O, and encoded glyphs like &#9731; without
        stumbling.
      </p>
    </article>
  </section>
  <section id="extras">
    <article>
      <h2>Nested Structures and Anchors</h2>
      <p>
        This section extends the document with nested structures. Inside the upcoming list you will find
        anchors, emphasized runs, and tiny spans with <span style="letter-spacing: 0.2em;">wide letters</span>.
        Pay attention to line breaks and punctuation: commas, ellipses..., and parentheses (like these)
        are scattered intentionally.
      </p>
      <ol>
        <li>
          A numbered item referencing <a href="#intro">the introduction</a> while wrapping
          a <em>brief aside</em> mid-sentence.
        </li>
        <li>
          Another item nests a blockquote:
          <blockquote>
            <p>
              "Backward seeks should land precisely where they started," whispered the tester.
              "Forward seeks should resume with equal grace."
            </p>
          </blockquote>
        </li>
        <li>
          The third item mixes <code>&lt;code&gt;</code> snippets, <small>small print</small>, and
          <mark>highlighted</mark> phrases to create variety.
        </li>
      </ol>
      <p>
        After the list comes a short table to check how parsing moves across cell boundaries:
      </p>
      <table>
        <thead>
          <tr>
            <th>Chapter</th>
            <th>Theme</th>
            <th>Notes</th>
          </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td>One</td>
            <td>Discovery</td>
            <td>Introduces characters and goals.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Two</td>
            <td>Conflict</td>
            <td>Challenges arise; pacing quickens.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Three</td>
            <td>Resolution</td>
            <td>Threads are tied; the arc completes.</td>
          </tr>
        </tbody>
      </table>
      <p>
        Concluding this section is a pair of consecutive sentences with similar prefixes. The parser
        should differentiate them when stepping word by word. The parser should also backtrack across
        both sentences without skipping whitespace or punctuation.
      </p>
    </article>
  </section>
</body>
</html>
